README.md, before:

# Bold BI and Reports Azure App Service Deployment

This repository contains the Azure App Service package for Bold BI and Bold Reports, which you can use to spin up a combined Bold BI and Bold Reports instance in Azure App Service using ARM templates.

The instructions for deploying the new Bold BI and Bold Reports Azure App Service can be found [here](https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/deployment_guidelines.md).

Please use the links below to deploy a specific product. 

* [Bold BI](https://github.com/boldbi/azure-arm-template)
* [Bold Reports](https://github.com/boldreports/bold-reports-azure)

## Release History

Please refer to the below table for release history.

| Branch Name                        | Updated On   | Is Latest? | Release Details                                                                                                                                                                |
|------------------------------------|--------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| boldbi_v6.9.10_boldreports_v5.2.26 | July 19, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/tick.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.9.10** released on **July 19, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.2.26** released on **July 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.8.9_boldreports_v5.2.26 | July 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.8.9** released on **July 05, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.2.26** released on **July 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.8.9_boldreports_v5.1.20 | July 05, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.8.9** released on **July 05, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.7.11_boldreports_v5.1.20 | June 20, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.7.11** released on **June 20, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.6.12_boldreports_v5.1.20 | June 05, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.6.12** released on **June 05, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.5.8_boldreports_v5.1.20 | May 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.5.8** released on **May 18, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.4.6_boldreports_v5.1.20 | May 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.5.8** released on **May 18, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.3.3_boldreports_v5.1.20 | April 19, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.3.3** released on **April 19, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.2.7_boldreports_v5.1.20 | April 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.2.7** released on **April 10, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.2.7_boldreports_v4.2.85 | March 10, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.2.7** released on **April 10, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.85** released on **March 10, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.1.8_boldreports_v4.2.85 | March 10, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.1.8** released on **March 09, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.85** released on **March 10, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.1.8_boldreports_v4.2.78 | March 09, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.1.8** released on **March 09, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.78** released on **January 31, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v5.3.83_boldreports_v4.2.52 | January 10, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.3.83** released on **January 10, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.52** released on **August 10, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.3.53_boldreports_v4.2.52 | November 23, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.3.53** released on **November 24, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.52** released on **August 10, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.2.48_boldreports_v4.2.52 | August 10, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.2.48** released on **July 18, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.52** released on **August 10, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.2.48_boldreports_v4.1.78 | July 18, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.2.48** released on **July 18, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.1.78** released on **April 29, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.1.55_boldreports_v4.1.78 | May 02, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.1.55** released on **April 11, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.1.78** released on **April 29, 2022**. |


## Bold BI Enterprise Edition
The Bold BI Enterprise Edition is an end-to-end solution for creating, managing, and sharing interactive business dashboards. It includes a powerful dashboard server application for easily composing, managing, and sharing the dashboards.

Bold BI Enterprise Edition can be installed in the following environments. 

* [Windows](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-windows/)
* [New Windows VM - Azure Marketplace](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-azure/)
* [Linux](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-linux/)
* [Kubernetes](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-kubernetes/)
* [Docker](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-docker/)

## Reference Link
* [Documentation](https://help.syncfusion.com/bold-bi/on-premise/setup/application-startup)

* [Feature tour](https://www.boldbi.com/embedded/features)

## Bold Reports Enterprise Edition

The Bold Reports Enterprise Edition is an end-to-end solution for creating, managing and sharing interactive business Reports. The Bold Reports gives a complete solution for enterprise reporting. It shuns proprietary reporting standards, and builds the open Report Definition Language (RDL) specification by using products such as the SQL Server. Reporting Server comes with a designer and a rich deployment environment, that provides support for a variety of platforms, out of the box.
 
Bold Reports Enterprise Edition can be installed in the following environments. 

* [Windows](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/windows-installer/)
* [Linux](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/deploy-in-linux/)
* [Kubernetes](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/deploy-in-kubernetes//)
* [Docker](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/deploy-in-docker/)

## Reference Link

* [Documentation](https://redirect.boldbi.com/?id=4007)
* [Feature tour](https://www.boldreports.com/features)

Commit message:

Updated the latest version template json for Bold BI and Bold Reports deployment.

README.md, after:

# Bold BI and Reports Azure App Service Deployment

This repository contains the Azure App Service package for Bold BI and Bold Reports, which you can use to spin up a combined Bold BI and Bold Reports instance in Azure App Service using ARM templates.

The instructions for deploying the new Bold BI and Bold Reports Azure App Service can be found [here](https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/deployment_guidelines.md).

Please use the links below to deploy a specific product. 

* [Bold BI](https://github.com/boldbi/azure-arm-template)
* [Bold Reports](https://github.com/boldreports/bold-reports-azure)

## Release History

Please refer to the below table for release history.

| Branch Name                        | Updated On   | Is Latest? | Release Details                                                                                                                                                                |
|------------------------------------|--------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| boldbi_v6.10.12_boldreports_v5.2.26 | August 04, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/tick.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.10.12** released on **August 04, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.2.26** released on **July 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.9.10_boldreports_v5.2.26 | July 19, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/tick.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.9.10** released on **July 19, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.2.26** released on **July 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.8.9_boldreports_v5.2.26 | July 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.8.9** released on **July 05, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.2.26** released on **July 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.8.9_boldreports_v5.1.20 | July 05, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.8.9** released on **July 05, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.7.11_boldreports_v5.1.20 | June 20, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.7.11** released on **June 20, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.6.12_boldreports_v5.1.20 | June 05, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.6.12** released on **June 05, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.5.8_boldreports_v5.1.20 | May 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.5.8** released on **May 18, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**.|
| boldbi_v6.4.6_boldreports_v5.1.20 | May 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.5.8** released on **May 18, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.3.3_boldreports_v5.1.20 | April 19, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.3.3** released on **April 19, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.2.7_boldreports_v5.1.20 | April 18, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.2.7** released on **April 10, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v5.1.20** released on **April 18, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.2.7_boldreports_v4.2.85 | March 10, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.2.7** released on **April 10, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.85** released on **March 10, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.1.8_boldreports_v4.2.85 | March 10, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.1.8** released on **March 09, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.85** released on **March 10, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v6.1.8_boldreports_v4.2.78 | March 09, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v6.1.8** released on **March 09, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.78** released on **January 31, 2023**. |
| boldbi_v5.3.83_boldreports_v4.2.52 | January 10, 2023 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.3.83** released on **January 10, 2023**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.52** released on **August 10, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.3.53_boldreports_v4.2.52 | November 23, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.3.53** released on **November 24, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.52** released on **August 10, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.2.48_boldreports_v4.2.52 | August 10, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.2.48** released on **July 18, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.2.52** released on **August 10, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.2.48_boldreports_v4.1.78 | July 18, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.2.48** released on **July 18, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.1.78** released on **April 29, 2022**. |
| boldbi_v5.1.55_boldreports_v4.1.78 | May 02, 2022 | <img height="25" src='https://github.com/boldbi/bi_and_reports_azure-arm-template/blob/main/images/cancel.png' />        | The following versions of Bold BI and Bold Reports are available on this branch. <br> * Bold BI **v5.1.55** released on **April 11, 2022**.<br> * Bold Reports **v4.1.78** released on **April 29, 2022**. |


## Bold BI Enterprise Edition
The Bold BI Enterprise Edition is an end-to-end solution for creating, managing, and sharing interactive business dashboards. It includes a powerful dashboard server application for easily composing, managing, and sharing the dashboards.

Bold BI Enterprise Edition can be installed in the following environments. 

* [Windows](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-windows/)
* [New Windows VM - Azure Marketplace](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-azure/)
* [Linux](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-linux/)
* [Kubernetes](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-kubernetes/)
* [Docker](https://help.boldbi.com/embedded-bi/setup/deploying-in-docker/)

## Reference Link
* [Documentation](https://help.syncfusion.com/bold-bi/on-premise/setup/application-startup)

* [Feature tour](https://www.boldbi.com/embedded/features)

## Bold Reports Enterprise Edition

The Bold Reports Enterprise Edition is an end-to-end solution for creating, managing and sharing interactive business Reports. The Bold Reports gives a complete solution for enterprise reporting. It shuns proprietary reporting standards, and builds the open Report Definition Language (RDL) specification by using products such as the SQL Server. Reporting Server comes with a designer and a rich deployment environment, that provides support for a variety of platforms, out of the box.
 
Bold Reports Enterprise Edition can be installed in the following environments. 

* [Windows](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/windows-installer/)
* [Linux](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/deploy-in-linux/)
* [Kubernetes](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/deploy-in-kubernetes//)
* [Docker](https://help.boldreports.com/enterprise-reporting/administrator-guide/installation/deploy-in-docker/)

## Reference Link

* [Documentation](https://redirect.boldbi.com/?id=4007)
* [Feature tour](https://www.boldreports.com/features)
